
Alt text:

Trustworthiness and Safety: Flat line icon of a lock 
Supporting Patient-Provider Communications & Patient Rights: Flat line icon of a megaphone
Formattable Text and Layout: Flat line icon of a document with a pencil hovering over it
Costs: Time and Money: Flat line icon of a hand holding a coin
Capitalizingon Special Interests: Flat line icon of a lightbulb, with a person inside
Language: Flate line icon of two speech bubbles. One has a question mark inside. 
Logos at bottom right: US Institute of Museum and Library Services, Community-Engaged Disability informatics: Connecting Carolina's Communities with Information; 
UNC School of Information and Library science



Audio Transcript: 
Developmental personal health libraries: supporting independence through design by Dr. Amelia N. and Gibson and Doctoral student Kristen L. Bowen master of science in library science 
at the University of North Carolina at chapel hill School of Information and Library Science.

This poster presents partial findings from an ongoing three year study on the information needs and information practices of people with autism in local communities. 
These findings include themes related to health information seeking, and include considerations for design of personal health libraries that support 
independent management of health information for autistic adults.  

Themes include providing indicators for trustworthiness and safety, supporting Patient-Provider Communications and patient rights, multimedia and Multimodal communication and, 
Formattable text and lay out, clear descriptions of costs, capitalizing on special interests, and English as a second language.  Dr. Gibson is collaborating with other
researchers at the Carolina Health informatics program and the UNC School of Medicine Division of Occupational Science and Occupational Therapy to apply these findings to the design of a mobile personal health
application to support independence for people on the autism spectrum.