Alttext for Poster: Sidewalk, A Wayfinding Message Syntax for People with a Visual Impairment
by Joey van der Bie, Christina Jaschinski and Somaya Ben Allouch of the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences and the Saxion University of Applied Sciences.

Traditional turn-by-turn navigation approaches often do not provide sufficiently detailed information to help people with a visual impairment (PVI) to successfully navigate through an urban environment. 
To provide PVI with clear and supportive navigation information we created Sidewalk, a new wayfinding message syntax for mobile applications. 
Sidewalk proposes a consistent structure for detailed wayfinding instructions, short instructions and alerts. 
We tested Sidewalk with six PVI in the urban center of Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Results show that our approach to wayfinding was positively valued by the participants and preferred over traditional navigational messages.

Image 1. Photo Joey van der Bie
A photo of the author Joey van der Bie and the logo of the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences.

Image 2. EyeBeacons wayfinding system
The EyeBeacons wayfinding system is represented by a bone conducting headset, an Apple watch series 3 and an iPhone 7.
On the screen of the iPhone and watch is the EyeBeacons wayfinding app interface visible.

Image 3. Sidewalk navigation syntax explained
The sidewalk navigation syntax consist of 3 parts with several components:
1. Attention Indicator (optional) and Attention Message (optional).
2. Current Orientation (optional), Distance (optional), Action, Action Indicator (optional), Destination
3. Orientation to Action (optional)
Each component is accompanied with an example forming the example message:
"Warning, obstruction on the sidewalk.	
You are at the Wibautstraat with traffic at your right. After 60 meters turn left at the trashcan onto Mauritskade. 
On your left you pass a bakery."
More details of the different components can be found in the paper of the ASSETS proceedings.

Image 4. SUS scores
A graph showing the individual SUS scores of the participants in green bars.
A red line indicates the average score 84.

Image 5. RTLX scores
A graph showing the individual RTLX scores of the participants in purple bars.
A red line indicates the average score of 17.3.

Image 6. Busy crossing
A photo of a busy crossing is presented with the navigational message describing the situation:
"After 5 meters turn left at the tactile pavement and cross the road to Tweede Boerhaavestraat. 
You cross a bicycle lane, two roads with traffic lights and audio indicator, and a bicycle lane.”

