TitLe: Exploring Accessible Designs to Support Independent Practice of Skills in Everyday RoutinesAuthor: Varsha Koushik
Affiliation: University of Colorado BoulderContact: varsha.koushik@colorado.eduPerforming everyday routines independently can be challenging for people with cognitive disabilities due to memory deficits, attention deficits, challenges performing executive functions and additional physical disabilities.  However, in order to live independently, adults with cognitive disabilities are expected to perform everyday activities without supervision. The current model of everyday routines for people with cognitive disabilities involves training by caregivers and using supports like digital assistants during routine execution. Caregivers demonstrate routines as part of the training, and they create supports like plans and worksheets to assist users in executing routines.  A majority of users are less motivated and confident about performing routines independently and are often dealing with unexpected and exceptional situations while executing routines in the real world.Practicing skills involved in everyday routines can build confidence for people with cognitive disabilities in performing those routines more independently. I am exploring designs for creating accessible embodied games to support people with cognitive disabilities in practicing skills present in everyday like decision making, iteration, ordered sequencing, exception handling, and communication skills in a different domain.  The system will also support increasing confidence and persistence in everyday activities by recording virtual accomplishments and translating them to real world rewards. I plan to incorporate factors into games like designing with characters that can influence and impact users. The poster includes a storyboard of an example scenario, where a user is using an augmented reality game to learn about recycling a bottle. In the game, when the user asks the system, where to recycle the bottle, the system matches the color of the bottle and the bin, to help users throw the bottle into the right bin. 