Alt text description for visuals.Diagram/Map Representation. An example of each type of map that was used in testing is given. Both map examples are square. The first map, an overview map of the garden areas without inner details plus buildings, contains garden areas indicated in different colors and represented by simple shapes, such as rectangles, L-shape and X-shape, and two buildings indicated by triangles. The second map, an individual garden map contains greenery (indicated by green areas), pathways (indicated by grey), stairs (indicated in one place by a red rectangle on a path), benches indicated by yellow ovals and points of interest indicated by ovals that are a shade of blue. The garden consists of a square path way surrounding a small oval green in the middle.  Three pathways go straight from the middle to the top, left and bottom edges, respectively. A fourth pathway goes to the right to a large blue oval, which indicates a water feature. On the pathway to the left, there is a red rectangle indicating stairs. Four yellow ovals are placed around the square path in the middle, 1 is placed beside the fountain and 2 are placed on the path heading to the left. There are also a pair of points of interest (indicated by shades of blue) on the top, left and bottom paths.Feedback Methods.     A tablet is shown in portrait mode with the screen divided into a 3x2 grid of solid blocks of color: white, grey, red, green, blue and yellow.  The different colors map onto the notes (for audio feedback) and vibrations (for tactile feedback) used to indicate the features in the map (which are rendered by the different colors).There are four methods that use audio cues:1. One finger exploring: The color under the index finger of the right hand is indicated by notes of the clarinet played to one ear.2. Two fingers exploring: The color under the index finger of the right hand is indicated by notes of the clarinet played. The color under the middle finger of the right hand is indicated by notes of the guitar. The notes at a given instant in time are combined and played to one ear.3. Two fingers exploring: The color under the index finger of the right hand is indicated by notes of the clarinet played to the left ear. The color under the middle finger of the right hand is indicated by notes of the clarinet to the right ear. 4. Two fingers exploring: The color under the index finger of the right hand is indicated by notes of the clarinet played to the left ear. The color under the middle finger of the right hand is indicated by notes of the guitar to the right ear. There are three methods that use tactile cues:5. One finger exploring. The color under the index finger of the right hand is indicated by the corresponding vibration pattern (on/off) provided by a ring-like device placed on the proximal half of the fingertip of the same finger.6. Two fingers exploring. The color under the index finger of the right hand is indicated by the corresponding vibration pattern (on/off) provided by a ring-like device placed on the proximal half of the fingertip of the same finger. The color under the middle finger of the right hand is indicated by the corresponding vibration pattern (on/off) provided by a ring-like device placed on the proximal half of the middle fingertip.7. Two fingers exploring. The color under the index finger of the right hand is indicated by the corresponding vibration pattern (on/off) provided by a ring-like device placed on the proximal half of the fingertip of the same finger. The color under the index finger of the left hand is indicated by the corresponding vibration pattern (on/off) provided by a ring-like device placed on the proximal half of its fingertip.