Non-Visual Beats: Redesigning the Groove Pizza is a prototype web application designed to make the creation of drums loops easier and more fun for blind and low-sighted individuals. It is developed by Willie Payne and Alex Xu advised by Professor Amy Hurst and Professor Alex Ruthmann all from New York University.

Modern music technology has drastically expanded opportunities for people to compose, improvise, and perform music on their own terms from songwriters to producers to live coders. As music software/hardware becomes increasingly widespread and sophisticated, designers, engineers, researchers, and educators must ensure it is accessible to a wide range of users with varying abilities. Everyone should have the opportunity to express themselves in a way that is personally meaningful.

The Groove Pizza is a free, web-based, drum-sequencer developed by the NYU MusEDLab. Thousands of daily users reflecting a wide range of age and musical training use it to program simple beats. Originally released as part of an educational initiative called Math Science Music, the Groove Pizza is called a “pizza” because its circular representation of time visualizes rhythm patterns with geometric shapes. The Groove Pizza was not developed with accessibility as a consideration and presents a significant challenge to blind and visually impaired users. It only supports mouse input, uses low-contrast color palettes, and its GUI-driven implementation is a black box to screen readers.

We rebuilt the Groove Pizza from scratch prioritizing the abilities of people with low vision or no vision. Our prototype uses Tone.js for audio output including beats and sonification, p5.js for the user interface and animations, and p5Speech for text-to-speech. This demo presents only our first steps in this work. Moving forward, we formed a partnership with the Filomen M. D'Agostino Greenberg (FMDG) Music School, a storied community music school based in Manhattan made up of blind and visually impaired musicians, assuring that stakeholders will directly take part in future iterations.
