The poster accompanying our demo is titled Non-Visual Beats: Redesigning the Groove Pizza. The authors are William Payne, Alex Yixuan Xu, Amy Hurst, and S. Alex Ruthmann. All authors are from NYU and logos for the following NYU organizations are included at the bottom: Ability Project, Music Experience Design Lab (MusEDLab), Music and Audio Research Laboratory (MARL), and Integrated Digital Media (IDM). A URL to access the demo is included: http://nyumusedlab.github.io/Accessible-Groove-Pizza/

The poster contains three main sections described here: an overview of the work, an image of the Groove Pizza, and two examples of the Groove Pizza with rhythmic patterns programmed on top of it.

The overview section holds three headers, "Background", "Problem", and "Implementation" included below:

1. Background: Music technology has opened up countless avenues for people to express themselves on their own terms. Designers, engineers, and educators must ensure software and hardware is accessible to users who range in ability.

2: Problem: The Groove Pizza is a widely used, free drum app developed by the NYU MusEDLab. It is inaccessible to blind and visually impaired users supporting only mouse input, using low-contrast colors, and presenting a black box to screen readers.

3. Implementation: We rebuilt the Groove Pizza to support non-visual use. While this is an early prototype, we have partnered with a Community Music School for people with vision loss ensuring stakeholders are involved in future iterations.

The center of the poster is a large image of the Groove Pizza. It consists of an inner circle containing the text "16 Bit" indicating the drum audio files the app is currently using. Three outer rings around the circle refer to individual drums (e.g. hi-hat, snare drum, kick drum) and contain sixteen nodes that can be toggled on or off. The Groove Pizza functions like a clock such that as a cursor repeatedly circles around the Groove Pizza, it passes by nodes that have been toggled on causing drums to play. Outside of the Groove Pizza image are text bubbles containing instructions that come directly from the app itself.

Near the bottom of the poster are two example drum patterns. The left-most example, titled "Lab Groove", is asymmetrical containing an inner triangle and an outer line. The right-most example, titled "Billie Jean" is a recreation of the drum beat found in that song. It hold a symmetrical groove pattern containing a cross which indicates an alternating kick drum and snare pattern overlaid by an octagon indicating repeating hi-hat eight notes.
