Gauging Interest in Digital Personalized Simulations of Hearing Loss For Parents of DHH Children
Dar'ya Heyko and David R. Flatla
University of Guelph, Ontario, Canada

There are three sections that have six color-coded participants per section on the left side of the poster. In the first section of the question "Do parents hold on to hope for 'restored' hearing?", participants A and F is coded to "Yes", C is coded to "Some", and B, D and E is coded to "No".

In the second section, the question is "Do parents have an understanding of hearing loss?". Participants B, D, and E are coded as "High", C is coded as "Some", A is coded as "Low", and F is coded as "None".

In the third section, the question is "Is there interest in the personalized simulation?". Participants A, B, C, and D are coded as "Yes" and E and F are coded as "No". 

On the right side of the poster, there are seven demographics of the participants. The first contains a timeline of the participants' children's births and age of diagnosis. Child of A was born in 1992 and diagnosed at 1, child B was born in 1986 and diagnosed at 1, C was born in 1985 and was diagnosed at 8, child of D was born in 1989 and was diagnosed as a 1 year old, child of E was born in 1995 and diagnosed at 1, and child of F was born in 1997 and diagnosed at 2.

The second graph shows whether participants know the cause of deafness (A,B,C,D knows while E and F doesn't). The third shows a pie chart with participants' children's hearing levels (Children of B,D,E,F are profound, C is mild, and A is moderately severe). The fourth graph shows preference for signing or oral speech (B,D,E prefers signing, A and C prefers oral, and F was unknown). The fifth shows usage of assistive technology (Child of B uses hearing aids, F uses cochlear implants, and A,C,D,E doesn't use technology). The sixth graph shows six pairs of parent-child (A,B,D,E,F are the mother-son pairs, and C is the father-daughter pair). Finally, the seventh graph shows a world map of countries of residence (B,D,E,F are from Canada and A and C are from the UK).