Alt text for submission 50

Survey: A bar graph depicting participants who reported having an ADHD diagnoses, participants who reported not having an ADHD diagnoses, and participants who reported they were unsure. Thirty participants reported having ADHD, twenty two reported not having ADHD, and three were unsure.

Perceived Effectiveness: A bar graph depicting the perceived effectiveness of current time management tools. No participant has chosen “Extremely Effective.” One participant with ADHD and eleven participants without ADHD chose “Very Effective.” Thirteen participants with ADHD and eight participants without ADHD chose “Moderately Effective.” Fourteen participants with ADHD and one participant without ADHD chose “Slightly Effective.” Two participants with ADHD and two participants without ADHD chose “Not Effective at all.”

Physical versus digital tools: A bar graph depicting which participants reported using digital tools, physical tools, or both kinds of tools. Four participants with ADHD and eight participants without ADHD reported using only physical tools. Four participants with ADHD and zero participants without ADHD reported using only digital tools. Twenty-two participants with ADHD and fourteen participants without ADHD reported using both digital and physical tools. 

Specific strategies: A bar graph depicting the percentages of participants with and without ADHD use specific time management tools. Of those that reported using a calendar 61% were participants with ADHD and 39% were participants without ADHD. Of those that reported using a planner 45% were participants with ADHD and 55% were participants without ADHD. Of those that reported using a to do list 59% were participants with ADHD and 41% were participants without ADHD. Of those that reported using a timer 82% were participants with ADHD and 18% were participants without ADHD. Of those that reported using a reward system 57% were participants with ADHD and 43% were participants without ADHD. Of those that reported using a strategy not listed 62% were participants with ADHD and 38% were participants without ADHD.
