Addressing the Stigma of Epilepsy in Saudi Arabia for Co-Design People with epilepsy in Saudi Arabia confront prejudice against their disease, which results in secrecy, misunderstandings, and social exclusion. While there is significant merit in adopting current technologies for individuals with epilepsy and their caregivers to monitor seizure patterns and notify caregivers of epileptic episodes, little effort has been made to address the user requirements of such technologies in relation to stigma-related concerns.An explorative study was carried out with 10 participants, 5 participants with epilepsy and their primary family caregivers. The aim of this study was to investigate the potential use of co-design to address the design implication perpetrated by the social stigma of epilepsy. This is particularly of interest when designing wearables where the interaction between culture, religion, and fashion is often overlooked.The preliminary findings from the data generated from the focus groups include the following. Participants and their caregivers all encountered issues with the stigma of epilepsy. Caregivers reported on a situation where they were advised to consider spiritual rituals and religious healing. Participants also shared that discretion is often key and at times necessary for their social survival. Despite the issues reported under stigma and discretion, all participants reported a rapid pace of change in the community regarding epilepsy.  The majority of participants and their caregivers monitored seizures by utilising pen and paper or note applications on their smart devices. Two participants used the embrace watch to detect and monitor seizures for a short period of time. Both of whom complained about its visibility and would often avoid wearing as it was seen as a label of illness.The focus group findings highlighted several considerations that need to be undertaken to garner maximum benefit from co-design sessions within the conservative community. This includes gender considerations, timing, incentives, and sensitivity training.