The poster has 3 images.
Figure 1 – Two screenshots labelled (a) and (b) show the Donnie programming environment which includes the editing panel where GoDonnie code is typed and a depiction of a virtual environment. Image (a), on the left-hand side, shows the GoDonnie’s editor with the following commands: FW, TR, and COLOR.  Image (b), on right-hand side, shows a virtual environment representing a living room with the Donnie robot and five objects:  a blue sofa, a blue armchair, and a red table with two green chairs. Donnie is on the lower-left corner, the armchair is near the wall to the left of Donnie, the sofa is near the wall in front of the robot, and the table and chairs are near the wall to the right of Donnie. The scanning that Donnie makes to locate the objects is indicated in light blue, starting at Donnie’s location and going towards the objects.

Figure 2 – Two photos labelled (a) and (b) show the physical environment constructed by participant 1 with the tactile map representing the virtual environment. Image (a), on the left-hand side, is a photo of the yellow checkered EVA tactile map with the objects that stand for Donnie and the armchair, sofa, table, and chairs positioned by participant 1 after interacting with Donnie's virtual environment. Image (b), on the right-hand side, shows the virtual environment with the described objects. A comparison between the figures shows that participant 1 was able to position objects correctly.

Figure 3 – Two photos labelled (a) and (b) show the physical environment constructed by participant 2 with the tactile map representing the virtual environment. Image (a), on the left-hand side, is a photo of the yellow checkered EVA tactile map with the objects that simulated Donnie and the armchair, sofa, table, and chairs positioned by participant 2 after interacting with Donnie's virtual environment. Image (b), on the right-hand side, shows the virtual environment with the described objects. A comparison between the figures shows that participant 2 was also able to position objects correctly.


