The poster has two sections.

In the top section, the background shows that a blind user’s finger is touching the accessible canvas (i.e., the tablet). The title-A Multi-Modal Approach for Blind and Visually Impaired Developers to Edit Webpage Designs-is at the top-left corner and the authors’ round headshots and names are listed under the title from left to right. At the top-right corner, a QR code linking to the project webpage is shown. Under the QR code, the logos are stacked from top to bottom in the following list: Paul G. Allen School, DUB, Makeability Lab, and Make4All.

In the bottom section, there are two columns. In the left column, the section at the top is Research Problem. It has a bold heading called “Research Problem” and a paragraph: Content creators who are blind and visually impaired (BVI) are actively creating interfaces with visual elements, meant for visual consumption. While these interfaces are expected to have good visual design, the necessary tools and information to build visually pleasing interfaces are not accessible to BVI developers. Under the paragraph, there is a system overview section. In this section, there is a heading called “System Overview”, followed by two vertically stacked figures. The figure at the top is the picture of the system, including a hand touching the tablet on the left and a laptop with the code editor on the right side. Two annotations are pointed to the tablet and the laptop, respectively. The figure at the bottom is the system diagram that we used in the paper. Under the system diagram figure, the preliminary study section has a heading and a grey person’s headshot icon with a quote on the right saying “Need to have more control (e.g. have access to the history of changes)”. Under the quote, the demographic information of the participant is described: 24-year old congenitally blind software developer.

Still in the bottom section, in the right column, the first section at the top has a heading called “Our Approach”. The first paragraph in this section says: To address this gap, we propose a multi-modal approach, using an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) and touch gestures to enable BVI developers to edit web page designs without breaking visual aesthetics. Then three components are vertically stacked under the paragraph. Each component has the following visual layout: there is a round icon indicating what the component is, a bold component name on the right side of the icon, and a brief description of the component. The components are (1) Accessible Canvas: A touch screen tablet interface that allows a BVI developer to modify  visual attributes of web pages; (2) Code Editor: Modified an IDE with a plugin that supports direct CSS code edit; (3) Controller: This processes proposed updates from the canvas or the code editor and rejects them if they violate design guidelines. Under the three components, three design guidelines are stacked horizontally. From left to right, they are spacing consistency, typeface consistency, and color consistency. Each design guideline has an icon above the design guideline name. Under the three design guidelines, here is the final section called “Future Work”. It has three bullet points: (1) Improved design guideline validation; (2) Machine learning-based design guideline validation and recommendation; and (3) Non-visual interaction paradigms.