System diagram: The Twitter A11y system contains two components: the chrome extension and the backend server. Two Chome Extension diagram blocks are connected by an arrow from the first to the second. The first block reads: “Scrolling triggers image loading” and the second reads: “Send POST request with image URLs for classification”. There is an arrow from the second extension block to the next backend server block that reads: “Decide which classification method to use”. From this block, the diagram breaks off into three different options from if statements. First there is a statement that reads: “IF external URL article”. If this is true the the next block in the diagram is a backend block that reads: “Follow article with URL preview”. The next if statement reads: “IF text labeling > 0.8 confidence”. If this is true, the next block in the diagram is a backend block that reads: “OCR- Google Cloud Vision”. The last statement reads “ELSE”, if this is true then the next block in the diagram is a backend block that reads: “Crowdsourcing on Amazon Mechanical Turk”. Following either three of these options, the next block in the diagram is an extension block that says “Update frontend page HTML with generated alt text”.
Evaluation: The evaluation graph is titled “Alt Text Quality by Method Type”. On the x-axis is the three different method types, Url following, OCR, and Crowdsourcing. The y-axis is labeled “Images with new Alt Text”. The legend at the bottom of the graph has two labels, high quality and low quality. For each method type, we evaluated the amount of images with quality alt text. The URL following has 12 high quality alt text and 70 low quality alt text. The OCR has 156 high quality alt text and 37 low quality alt text. The Crowdsourcing has 69 high quality alt text and 31 low quality alt text. 

Right figure: The figure on the right is a screenshot of a twitter timeline with four tweets on it. The first tweet image has a caption “this is my favorite page” and the tweet image shows a screenshot of an e-book. Overlayed on the image, is a translucent black box that says “Image”. The next tweet on the timeline says, “why is it raining so much?? :(“. The next tweet image has the caption, “Me on the way to free lunch” and the image on the tweet is a white chubby cat running in a green field. The image also has a translucent black box that says “Image”. The last tweet is a link to a news article from the New Yorker, about the U.S. Women’s soccer team winning the 2019 world cup. The news article preview has a picture of the women’s soccer team holding a trophy excitedly. This image also has a translucent black box that says “Image”.
