"A Closer Look: Multi-Sensory Accessible Art Translations" Poster Image Alt Text

1. This image shows two visitors at the Bendigo Art Gallery. They are in one of the main gallery spaces, viewing a large sculpture titled “Conjurer 3”. This sculpture is a carrot-like creature standing upright, with long arms and legs, made of wood. It is approximately 2.5 metres tall.
2. This image is of “The Drover” by Walter Withers. This is a realistic painting of a man on a horse, herding sheep along a dusty road.
3. This image is of “i ate the rainbow up... ... ...” by Del Kathryn Barton. This is a stylised painting of two women in bright vivid colours. One woman takes most of the frame and is looking at the viewer, while the second woman’s head is in front of the first woman’s chest.
3. This image is of “Happy Ending?” by Michael Doolan. This is a large stylised outdoor sculpture of a bear next to a tree, with a bird lying on the ground. It is black and made of metal.
4. This image is of “Circe” by Bertram Mackennal. This is a bronze statuette of a naked woman, arms outstretched, standing on a plinth.
5. This image is of “The Young Family” by Patricia Piccinini. This is a latex sculpture of a female big with some human like features in the face and limbs. There are a number of piglets surrounding the mother pig.
6. This image is of “Conjurer III” by Benjamin Armstrong. This is a large indoor sculpture made of wood and shows a carrot-like creature standing upright, with long arms and legs.
7. This image is of a 3D printed version of “The Drover” by Walter Withers. It is a bas-relief of the painting, printed in green 3D filament.
8. This image is of two alternate versions of “i ate the rainbow up... ... ...” by Del Kathryn Barton. The first is a version of the image printed on swell paper, while the second is of a laser cut bas-relief version.
9. This image is of a 3D printed version of “Happy Ending?” by Michael Doolan. It shows the 3D printed bear, tree and bird, all printed in black filament.
10. This image is of two alternate versions of “Circe” by Bertram Mackennal. They are two bas-relief versions, the first 3D printed and the second laser cut.
11. This image is of one piglet from “The Young Family” by Patricia Piccinini. It shows a 3D resin printed version of a piglet.
12. This image is of a 3D printed version of “Conjurer III” by Benjamin Armstrong. It shows a version printed with clear plastic filament, against a black background.
13. This image shows a person handling a small 3D printed version of “Conjurer 3”. One hand holds the body, while the other explores one of the long legs.
