Figure 1 (top right): Three screenshots of the AccessMap website, showing maps of three
municipalities: Seattle, Bellingham, and Mount Vernon, all in Washington State. The
maps show greens, yellow, and reds where sidewalks exist for each city, corresponding
to steepness. Each shows variety of sidewalk existence and steepness. There is a
black line (convex hull) drawn around the regions for which data exists for each
municipality.

Figure 2 (middle right): Three screenshots of the AccessMap website from mobile
devices. Each screenshot shows the same overhead map view of approximately one
block in Seattle, Washington, along with an automatically planned route from a point
on the bottom left to a point on the bottom right of the map view. The leftmost
screenshots shows personal map settings of 10% uphill and downhill maximum inclines
and no requirement for curb ramps, resulting in a route that travels on the North side of
a nearby street. The middle screenshot has an uphill setting of 8%, downhill of 10%,
and no requirement for curb ramps, resulting in a route that travels far North around
the block to avoid a sidewalk that's greater than 8% grade. That sidewalk has changed
in appearance and is now a dashed red line rather than filled in with a color gradient.
The right screenshot has 10% uphill and downhill settings, but the user has indicated a
requirement for curb ramps, with a route that travels along sidewalks on the South side
of a nearby street, making use of crossing locations known to have curb ramps.

Table 1 (bottom right): This table reflects a preliminary user study where pedestrians
were asked to rank the usefulness of several pedestrian-targeted maps. The mean rating
is presented to give a sense of the average score given, while the standard deviation
of ratings is presented to give a sense for disagreement between participants. The
mean ratings are 2.0 for a barriers-only map that calls out sidewalk problems only,
3.9 for an "assets-only" map that displays municipal assets over the map, 2.2 for
Google Maps, 4.6 for AccessMap without automatic route finding, and 4.9 for AccessMap
with automatic route finding. The standard deviations were 0.71 for the barriers-only
map, 0.55 for the "municipal assets only" map, 0.84 for Google Maps, 0.55 for
AccessMap without automatic route finding, and 0.22 for AccessMap with automatic route
finding.
