Poster title
Investigating Accessibility in the Writing Process with Dyslexic Adults

Author information
Emily Q. Wang
Northwestern University Inclusive Technology Lab
ASSETS 2019 Doctoral Consortium 

Background - About Dyslexia and Writing Section
Image 1. "Dyslexia" in overlapping red and blue capital letters. This graphic is meant to give the impression of how some dyslexic users may see overlapping or moving letters when they read. 
Image 2. Stock photo of a brain instead of a human head silhouette. This graphic is meant to convey that dyslexia is a learning disability based on neurological differences in how the brain processes language. 
Image 3. Diagram with the letters "b" and "d" in boxes and bi-drectional arrows in between them. This graphic is meant to convey the idea that dyslexic users may have a tendency to switch letters when they try to spell. 
Image 4. Document with a speech bubble containing a graphic of many arrows. This graphic is meant to convey how the papers that dyslexic users write may be unorganized or have a messy writing style due to working memory overload when they are trying to write. 

Background - Research Approach Section
Image 5. Flowchart that is meant to convey the ecosystem lens or approach. The flowchart contains three boxes, "Assistive technology" and "Office tools" and "Individual & group writing strategies."
Image 6. Circular diagram of the writing process that includes boxes for "Composing," "Information gathering," "Structuring arguments," and "Collaboration & feedback exchange."

Proposed Design
Image 7. First screen of proposed design. Consider an example user who already a rough draft with all of their ideas written but wants some help improving its structure and flow. They import their rough draft into the tool and specify what type of paper it is (such as a persuasive essay), the page limit and other details so the system can personalize the experience to what kind of paper they’re trying to write.
Image 8. Second screen of proposed design. Then our example user can work in the paragraph view, which has the document to the left and a paragraph structure checklist to the right. In this view, the user can go through the checklist to highlight and label the topic sentences, evidence, interpretation, or other components that they should have for that type of essay. 
Image 9. Third screen of proposed design. Our example user can then switch to the big-picture view. In this view, instead of seeing the whole document, this only has the thesis and topic sentences on the screen. This gives the user a chance to focus on whether their ideas support their thesis and make sure they’re not making a circular or redundant argument. The example user can then iterate between paragraph views and big-picture views as they keep working through their paper. 