Development of a real time Bionic Voice system for people without a larynx

Table 1. Introduction to an old school mechanical voice prosthesis which is called the Pneumatic Artificial Larynx or PAL. This table shows that although the PAL is not widely used, it outperforms any other voice prosthesis in the market in terms of ease of control, intelligibility, being wearable and voice quality.


Figure 1: A larynx amputee person using the PAL to speak with. Larynx amputees breathe through an opening in their neck called stoma, The PAL is like a whistle placed with two ends. One end is placed on the stoma. The other end of PAL is placed inside the mouth. Inside the PAL, there is a mechanical membrane that vibrates in response to breathing.

Figure 2. A Futuristic vision of how a respiratory driven Bionic Voice which is a modern adaptation of the PAL will look like. Bionic Voice somehow looks like a headset connected to a thin tube. The headset is wirelessly connected to a pressure sensor on the stoma and generates voice in response to variations of respiration monitored by this pressure sensor. The generated voice of is transferred to the mouth via a thin tube.


Figure 3: Since we want to mimic the PAL design in Bionic Voice, this figure takes a closer look at the mechanics of voice generation by the PAL. The PAL is driven by variation of the pressure at the neck stoma and inside the mouth. The PAL generates a voice signal called "e" which is the excitation source of speech. The patient shapes this voice into speech by moving their face and lips muscles. We want to develop a computer algorithm to estimate PAL's voice "e" from the underlying respiration signals.


Figure 4: The structure of a statistical engine to estimate the PAL voice i.e. "e" from respiration input. We do that by breaking "e" into three components of f0, spectral coefficients and aperiodicity. Then we use three GMMs that look at the trajectory of respiration signal features and estimate these three components. We then combine the three estimated parameters using a vocoder to build e-hat, which is our estimate e.

Figure 5. The performance of Bionic Voice statistical engine in estimating f0 of e-hat from respiration input. Bionic Voice f0 calculated for e-hat has 92% accuracy compared to the PAL f0 calculated from PLA voice "e" (which has been generated by the PAL)

Figure 6. The performance of Bionic Voice statistical engine in generating the excitation waveform "e-hat" as a whole compared to the original PAL waveform, "e". We compare these using their spectrogram which is the frequency response of each frame plotted over time. The original "e" and estimated "e-hat" waveforms match closely. 
