Image 1, Theme 1: Validate Autistic Intelligence. Presents a Linux penguin icon vs. a Windows OS icon.
Image 2, (Theme 1) ECHOES, a technology enhance learning (TEL) environment. Image shows a boy interacting with a screen in an office setting while being observed by an adult.
Image 3, Theme 2: Autism-specific Measures of Ability. Image shows a man in a suite sitting at a desk with a line of animals (bird, chimp, penguin, elephant, fish, seal, dog) facing him. There is a tree being the animals. The man says, “For a fair selection everybody has to take the same exam… Please climb that tree.” The illustrator is unknown.
Image 4, (Theme 2) A flowchart of the Design 4 Diversity (D4D) framework from Benton et al. The primary category is “D4D Framework for ASD”. This splits into two subcategories, “Structuring Environment” and “Additional Supports”. “Structuring Environment” splits into two sub-subcategories, “Understanding Culture” which lists the following topics – (1) Quite/familiar environment, (2) Start with visual recap/intro. End with summary/intro to next session, (3) Consistent session structure, (4) Weekly sessions same time/place, (5) Visual schedule to engage/organize, (6) Routine to tick off activities, and (7) Start with design task fine details – and “Tailor to individual” which lists the following topics – (8) Themed to hobbies/interests, (9) Appropriate content for ability, and (10) Multiple modes of expression. “Additional Supports” splits into two sub-subcategories, “Understanding Culture” which lists the following topics – (11) Staged idea generation, (12) Team building activities, (13) Demonstrate existing tech, (14) Visual activities, (15) Familiar activity structure, (16) Visual design templates, and (17) Transfer ideas quickly to computer-based prototype – and “Tailor to individual” which lists the following topics – (18) Adult support: engagement, idea generation, (19) Adult support: sensitivities, collaboration, and (20) Link to existing knowledge/skills.
Image 5, Theme 3: Wellbeing is the Outcome Goal. A version of the neurodiversity pride icon – a rainbow-colored infinity symbol with a heart worked into the line.
Image 6 (Theme 3) A chart of the framework used by Lanou et al. titled “Planning Strategies That Incorporate Strengths & Interests”. The following text is below the title: “To plan a motivating strategy, consider following this structure: (1) List the strengths, interests, and talents of the student. Challenge yourself to write as many as possible! (2) Identify the specific areas of need of the student. Is the student’s need behavioral, academic, social, or emotional? (3) Consider which research-supported strategies could be used to address the need. Consult recent literature or strategies found in journals like Intervention in School and Clinic. (4) Pair the strategy with a strength, interest, or talent creatively. Ensure that the interest is an inherent part of the strategy itself to increase the student’s motivation. Here are some of the strengths and interests our students have shared with use. It was our goal to teach with, through, and about these areas.” There are three categories listed below with the headings Strengths, Interests, Talents. Under Strengths is the following list: Reading stamina, Hyperlexia, Attention to detail, Computation, Ability to focus on areas of interest, Using the computer, Creativity. Under Interests is the following list: Titanic, Sharks, Transportation, Godzilla, Riddles, Waste Management, Elevators, Anime. Under Talents is the following list: Conceiving of imaginary words, Map making, Creating silly poems, Vocabulary, Creating collections, 3-D design, creating comics.
